Apply the Minimal APIs host app builder patterns (#35922)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/custom-configuration-provider.md

The following code shows how to use the custom `EntityConfigurationProvider` in *Program.cs*:

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/configuration/custom-provider/Program.cs" highlight="10":::

## Consume provider

To consume the custom configuration provider, you can use the [options pattern](options.md). With the sample app in place, define an options object to represent the widget settings.

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/configuration/custom-provider/WidgetOptions.cs":::

> A call to <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.OptionsConfigurationServiceCollectionExtensions.Configure%2A> registers a configuration instance which `TOptions` will bind against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A call to <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.OptionsConfigurationServiceCollectionExtensions.Configure%2A> registers a configuration instance, which `TOptions` binds against.
```
